README.md, before:

# Bouncer - Hosts Blacklist Management Script

*Bouncer* is a script that generates and installs a *hosts* file that blocks
known adware/malware/tracking domains from being accessed at the system level.

The domains to block are gathered from the files included in the repository
(in the 'to_block' directory) and a set of online sources (specified in the
'download_hosts.sh' script).

The domains in the 'hosts_whitelist' file will not be blocked.

The final 'hosts' file is based on the 'hosts_base' template and is installed
at '/etc/hosts'.


## Requirements
*Bouncer* requires Python 3+.


## Instructions
### MacOS
Double click the 'update-hosts.command' file in finder or run it in a terminal.
Provide your user password when asked for in order to install the *hosts* file.


## Known Issues
Some websites might not behave as expected after installing the hosts file
generated by this script. For instance, the paid-for Google search results link
to 'www.googleadservices.com', which is blocked. To "unblock", add this domain
in the 'hosts_whitelist' file and run the command again.

Commit message:

refactor: thorough rewrite and updated hosts sources

README.md, after:

# Bouncer - Hosts Blacklist Management Script

*Bouncer* is a script that generates and installs a *hosts* file that blocks
known adware/malware/tracking domains from being accessed at the system level.

The domains to block are gathered from some files included in the 'settings' directory
and a set of hosts files hosted online.

The domains in the 'settings/whitelist.domains' file will not be blocked.

The final 'hosts' file is initialized with the 'settings/hosts_base' content, after
which the to-be-blocked domains are added.


## Requirements
*Bouncer* requires Python 3.11+.


## Instructions
### MacOS
Doubleclick the 'update-hosts.command' file in finder or run it in a terminal.
Provide your user password when asked for in order to be able to install the *hosts*
file.


## Known Issues
- Some websites might not behave as expected after installing the hosts file
  generated by this script. For instance, the paid-for Google search results link
  to 'www.googleadservices.com', which is blocked. To "unblock", add this domain
  in the 'whitelist' file and run the command again.
- The current setup only supports MacOS.
- The current setup does not provide a convenient way to customize the blocked domains 
  or the domains whitelist.
